 
week -1 (Aug 25th,2015)

TIP:Being silent is much worse than being wrong and there is no wrong.I liked it very much.

1.Learnt how to work in groups and how to finish the  the given work in finite time because of the candy crush game you made us work on.
 
2.Knew how the game works and its algorithm.and also some extentions we can make like face crush etc.,

3.Found that designing is not rocket science.

4.I learnt about software engineering.what is the state of software in  industry,difference between programming and software engineering,nature of software and other disciplines,challenges of software engineering.

5.I learnt that software engineering is multi-disciplinary subject.
week -2  (Sep 1st ,2015)

1.Learnt the life cycle of humans and the life cycle of software in a fascinating and interesting way.

2.Found what software engineering actually is in today's aspect and it's technical terms.

3.Passion and hard work are two important things which can make us stand above all others.

4.The T.A arihant taught what is version control,how to set up a repository in github,modular coding,difference between syntac and syntax,what is the major difference between NOSQL and MYSQL.

5.And also he explained how the software life will be of an engineer in an industry.

week-3(Sep-8th,2015)

1.Learnt some theory slides about functional and non-functional requirements.

2.I learnt about uml diagrams(which i heard for the first time),user cases and found that there are things in software industry besides coding. 

3.I learnt that before doing any project we need to draw flow charts,uml diagrams and user cases.


Week 4:
1. I learnt about Zachman framework provides a formal and structured way of viewing and defining an enterprise.It is a  framework to organize and analyze data,a two-dimensional schema, used to organize the detailed representations of the enterprise.
     
2.I learnt about Agile modeling believes that every project needs to be handled differently.In agile the tasks are divided to time boxes  to deliver specific features for a release.
             
3.Agile manifesto :
        Learnt about Principles behind the Agile Manifesto.

4.I learnt that Scrum is the most popular way of introducing Agility due to its simplicity and flexibility.


WEEK 5:

1.Learnt about the SRS document.

2.How to use genhub in github and backlogs.

3.Learnt about the usage of use cases and use case stories.


WEEK 6:
1.I learnt about the importance Software Design 

2.Team work and discussion .

3.Learnt about Application Design,interaction design,architecture design and implementation design.

4.Designing and and assesing the feasibility of the product.













